So in the last lecture you've seen how to use the guest middle where to redirect when you are already
out integrated.
Now let's go and work on the logging forum.
So starting with the logging controller from our project the first thing you would like to modify is
the page you are being redirected to after you successfully logging.
So let's change it to something that exists.
So just slash because this home route doesn't exist.
So save the changes.
And now it uses this authenticates users straight and the show logging form action is responsible for
displaying their logging form and it expects it to be of that logging where dot translates to the directory
separator.
So we should go to our reviews our folder and inside it create a new logging blade BHP.
Now fortunately we do not have to write it from scratch.
We can just copy the registration form and we want of course need everything from it.
For example we do not need the name field.
We will keep the e-mail.
And if you remember it or not we won't be providing the user name for the user name credential for the
user name part of the credentials because inside the authenticate users there is this validate logging
method and inside it it is calling that this user name.
So this method that you can of course define inside the logging controller to override it.
It is specifying what is the name of the user name field.
So since it is e-mail by default we can use the e-mail field name if you would like it to be for example
user name if you will have this field on your user model.
You can change that inside logging controller by overriding this method.
So basically that means you will just copy it and paste it here maybe after the constructor it's a good
practice to do that and modify it.
Us user name that way the field used for user name would be user name not email.
But we won't do that.
So I'll just comment that out and leave it here.
So you remember how to do that.
OK let's go back to our logging forum.
So we have the email and we also need passwords.
So it's good for us but we do not need this because we do not have any password to retyped.
We only do that when registering.
And also we need to change the label to logging.
And final thing is the action this form is being sent to so we have this route called register for registering
and for logging in.
It is called logging.
You can check that by running BHP Artie's en route list and the forum when it will be sent.
It would be directed to the logging method.
So this is the one I've explained before.
Now we have our forum and basically that is everything that you have to do you can also customize it
if you want.
If you would like some additional fields and we actually would like one additional field and this field
would be called.
Remember me.
So we will allow the users to be remembered.
So that's their session will be stored inside our cookie.
So let's add a new field for this checkbox
and inside it we'll use another class from bootstrap called Forum check
and now lets out the input so it also needs a couple of classes from bootstrap to look nicely one of
them is check forum check input.
The type is checkbox and the name has to be remember and this is because that's the name of the parameter
expected inside our logging controller to remember the user that was logged in.
You can even find it here.
When you find the remember parameter it's checking if the request contains the remember set us the checked
field and then this attempt the method from the guard accepts the Remember Me as a boolean as a as its
second parameter after credentials OK.
So let's go back to doing our input.
OK so we have the type we have the name and also we can use that value and specify all the value.
In case this was checked before for example when someone is would specify an old password we can keep
the old value.
So now you can see how to do that with checkboxes.
So we'll do it like this.
If old remember
if this would be true will echo checked and if you would if this would evaluate to false will just not
return anything.
That way we can keep the value of the input checkbox in record requests for example when this request
would fail.
Okay so we have the input and we should also add a label with specific class.
That would be form check label and also specify what this is the label for and it is for ream.
Remember
and just specify the text that would be displayed inside like re member mi okay.
We have our form ready but before we will be able to see it we need to log out somehow.
So in the next lecture we'll modify our header for our application so that we would have a logout button
when we are authenticated.